# Post Mortem
This assignment was a good next step from the calculator app, in a progressive sense. We were able to get practice and information on the usage of android built in apps and classes. It also opened up new commands and such, like the intent keyword, which will be very important in the upcoming assignments. 
	However, I think that there could have been some more instruction prior to letting us work on the assignment. For me it was very difficult to understand the example code that you had let us use. After doing some research I saw that the example code was similar to that of a tutorial for using the camera app. Only after reading that did I begin to grasp what the program was initially doing. The intent command should have been covered more in its applications. Even after completing the assignment I am still unclear as to what the intent command really does. I can use it for my own purposes, but it’s difficult to understand. I think that in the future it would be best to go over some key points within the camera tutorial. Pointing out and explaining the usage of the intent command, what the initial code is doing, and to go over bitmaps. I understand that you are currently still learning this material yourself and giving us what you can as you move along with us. I’m grateful for that, truly. But, I’m hoping that future courses have a little more instruction to help guide students in the right direction. 
	The hardest piece of this assignment was understanding how to implement layout changes and the interactions between them. There are several ways to do so and some are better in different situations.The two I know most are using activities or other layouts. My issue was sharing information between the two different layouts. As a work around I had to make global variables, which I’m not too proud of. I feel like there is a much more efficient way to do this, but I didn’t have the time to research that. However, it did work out for what I was doing.
	I failed to save my images to the gallery, which is a bummer. It should have worked with the code from the tutorial, but it never did for me. I think that it’s possible that my execution of the commands weren’t correct. Such as I may have needed to fully exit the app to save the image, instead of moving back to the main layout page. But, for now, I can’t say for sure. 
	On the more positive side of things, I really enjoyed this assignment and the use of the camera. It was a lot of fun to actually be able to see our work come to life. Especially when using an actually phone to test the program. Having some kind of product from hours of work is very motivating to see. It makes it all worth the time. Hopefully the projects to come will have even more rewarding bounties. 
	

